we all grew up with Star Wars and I
never imagined for one minute that I
would ever work on a Star Wars
production my role on bro bond is an
opportunity to be able to develop
techniques get better at it not only in
the way that we make things but
hopefully more successfully creatively
in such a way sirs that it feels as Star
Wars as it can possibly be
[Music]
the creatures are amazing their eyes
blink and move and their lips have very
subtle expression you look up and one of
the features they've huge monkey
shootings enormous gun out the plane and
then you remember oh we're actually in
Star Wars
I love apes you know monkeys in general
and I love space when you combine the
two you have a space monkey it's kind of
a dream come true
you've got to remind yourself that every
single day is an amazing thing no matter
what you're doing we just happen to be
running around with robots and creatures
and stuff
estimated rated pg-13